readme.md, before:

Axel F Door Bell
=======

![Light up button](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nseidle/AxelF_DoorBell/master/Button1.jpg)

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nseidle/AxelF_DoorBell/master/AxelF.ino

Axel F Door Bell is a door bell at the [CU ATLAS BTU lab](http://atlas.colorado.edu/). The button pulses on/off. When you press it the melody to [Beverly Hills Cop](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086960/) plays while a solenoid taps out the beat.

Parts
-------------------

* [Big Red Button](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/9181)
* [RedBoard](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/12757)
* [MOSFET Control Kit](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/10256)
* [Speaker](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/9151)
* [Mono Amplifier](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/11044)
* [Solenoid](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/10391)
* [12V Wall Power Supply](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/9442)
* Various bits of wire

![Inside the door bell](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nseidle/AxelF_DoorBell/master/Button2.jpg)


License Information
-------------------

Written by Nathan Seidle / SparkFun Electronics

This code is public domain but you buy me a beer if you use this and we meet someday ([Beerware license](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beerware)).

Commit message:

Updating readme with links to Axel F license info

readme.md, after:

Axel F Door Bell
=======

![Light up button](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nseidle/AxelF_DoorBell/master/Button1.jpg)

Axel F Door Bell is a door bell at the [CU ATLAS BTU lab](http://atlas.colorado.edu/). The button pulses on/off. When you press it the melody to [Beverly Hills Cop](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086960/) plays while a solenoid taps out the beat.

Parts
-------------------

* [Big Red Button](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/9181)
* [RedBoard](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/12757)
* [MOSFET Control Kit](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/10256)
* [Speaker](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/9151)
* [Mono Amplifier](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/11044)
* [Solenoid](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/10391)
* [12V Wall Power Supply](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/9442)
* Various bits of wire

![Inside the door bell](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nseidle/AxelF_DoorBell/master/Button2.jpg)


License Information
-------------------

The [Axel F](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Axel_F) song is probably owned by Harold Faltermeyer. I hope he doesn't mind.

Written by Nathan Seidle / SparkFun Electronics

This code is public domain but you buy me a beer if you use this and we meet someday ([Beerware license](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beerware)).
